When the scopes requested in your app code differ from the scopes requested in your OAuth consent screen configuration page, your users see an "unverified app" screen. Make sure that scopes you request in your app are the same as what's in your OAuth consent screen.

Unverified app screen on mobile
Security Checkup
Security Checkup might show your app as risky and unverified. When an app is “unverified,” it has not fully completed the OAuth app verification. Depending on the sensitivity of the data being requested, verification might require several months for the app to complete.

Security Checkup on mobile for a risky app
Unverified app user cap
To protect users and Google systems from abuse, apps that use OAuth and Cloud Identity have certain quota restrictions based on the risk level of the OAuth scopes an app uses.

Sign in with Google temporarily disabled window
Upcoming Policy Enforcement Notice
Google is continuously re-evaluating the risk associated with user data access, and may upgrade the risk of certain data types and scopes to sensitive or restricted. When this happens, apps using such scopes may become unverified, but will be given a grace period to go through verification before the unverified app screen and user cap are applied to them. If your app is impacted, you will receive email notifications about the verification deadline. A warning message will be displayed on the consent screen in order to prepare your users for potential loss of functionality if your app is unverified and it is close to the deadline. If your app remains unverified, the unverified app screen will be displayed before the consent screen, and your app will be limited to 100 new users until it is verified.


To protect users and Google systems from abuse, apps that use OAuth and Cloud Identity have certain quota restrictions based on the risk level of the OAuth scopes an app uses.

When to go through verification
You need to go through verification before you launch a user-facing app. You can continue to build and test your app while waiting to complete verification. When your app is successfully verified, the unverified app screen is removed from your client.

You don't need to go through verification for the following kinds of apps:

Apps in development: if your app is experimental or a test build, you don't need to go through verification unless you decide to launch it to the public.
OAuth-based plugins: if you're setting up an OAuth-based plugin for a popular platform, such as SMTP for WordPress, you don't need to go through the verification process.
Internal apps: if your app is an internal web app for users in the same G Suite domain and the app is associated with a Cloud Organization that all of your users belong to, you don't need to go through verification. For more information, see public and internal applications.
Note: If you change your client or use new scopes after verification, you might have to go through verification again.
Verification for apps
Before you start the verification process, review the OAuth Application Verification FAQ. This will help your verification process go quickly. To start the verification process for apps, do the following steps:

Update the OAuth consent screen details in the Google Cloud Platform Console APIs & Services Credentials:
You must have a privacy policy URL.
Add URLs for your homepage and Terms of Service if you have them.
Verify your website ownership through Search Console by using an account that is a Project Owner or a Project Editor on your OAuth project.
The same account must be a verified owner of the property in Search Console. For more information about Search Console permissions, see Managing owners, users, and permissions.
We can't approve your OAuth verification request until your site ownership verification is complete. For more information, see Verify your site ownership.
To start the verification process, submit a verification request by using the following process. Note that the Verification required dialog is a beta feature that might not be available for all users at this time.
On the GCP Console OAuth consent screen, click Submit or Save.
If a Verification required dialog displays:
Add information in the text boxes for Google to verify your OAuth consent screen.
When you're finished entering details, click Submit.
Note: If you add any new redirect URLs or JavaScript origins, or if you change your product name after verification, you have to go through verification again.
Verification for Apps Script
If a new Apps Script script requests OAuth access to data that belongs to consumers or users in other domains, the "unverified app" screen might display before the OAuth consent flow. For more information about how this affects Apps Script developers and users, including instructions for verifying Apps Script OAuth clients, see the Apps Script OAuth client verification documentation.

OAuth user quotas
The OAuth user quotas are summarized in the following table. These might be adjusted for specific apps based on the app history, developer reputation, and riskiness.

 	
Applicable apps

Quota

Appeal

New user cap

Apps that present the unverified app screen to users

100 new users in total, after the app presents the unverified app screen

Request verification for your app

For more information, see the OAuth Application Rate Limits page.

App users
If you were using an app and you were redirected here from an error page, reach out to the app developer directly to make them aware of the situation. The app developer may need to take action before you and other new users can access it.


Give feedback about this article
